
Arrival
Your room will be available from 2pm on the day of arrival unless otherwise arranged. Check-in is from 2-6 pm. If you require a later check-in please contact us in advance to discuss your requirements.

Departure
Please be ready to vacate your accommodation by 11.00 am to enable the room to be prepared for the next guests.

Cancellation
We recommend that all guests have suitable travel insurance to cover the period of their stay. If you need to cancel please inform us in writing as soon as possible. For cancellations made 48 hours or more in advance of a stay there is no charge.
For cancellations made after this time or by failing to take up the booking without cancelling you will be liable for 50% of your total stay. We will always try to relet any cancelled dates and if we do, we will reflect this in the cancellation charge.
In the unlikely event, it is necessary for us to have to cancel your stay, you will be notified as soon as possible. A full refund of any monies paid will be made. No further liability is accepted in this event.

Smoking
The Bucks Head, as required by law, is a non-smoking establishment. Please do not smoke inside any part of the building. Evidence of guests smoking inside the house will lead to immediate termination of the booking and being charged for the full stay. A cleaning charge of £120 to cover the cost of deep cleaning the room will also be levied, payable by the person making the booking.

During your stay
We want all guests to enjoy their stay at The Bucks Head. Please be aware of other guests and keep noise to an acceptable level. If during your stay you cause disturbance or offence to other guests your stay may be terminated and you will remain liable for the full balance.

Damages and Breakages
You are responsible and liable for any breakages or damages which you or any member of your party cause to the accommodation or its contents. Please report these as soon as they occur. We do not normally charge for minor breakages, but we reserve the right to make a charge to the guest’s credit/ debit card, or we may send you an invoice, for repair or making good if the damage or breakage is significant.

Wi-Fi
All reasonable endeavours will be taken to ensure that you are provided with free, uninterrupted Wi-Fi service. We will not be liable however if for any reason, the service is not available at any time, nor for any loss of data or damage to equipment you suffer as a result of using the service. We may suspend access at any time and for any reason. The Wi-Fi service we provide is intended to be used for general purposes, including accessing the world wide web and email. By accessing the service, you undertake that you will use the services responsibly and that you will behave in a lawful, honest and proper manner. You may not: use the service for any illegal purpose (including but not limited to breaching any intellectual property, copyright or computer misuse legislation and downloading or uploading any illegal material); send any unsolicited commercial email (or “spam”) or any activity relating to it; carry out any “hacking” activities such as attempting to access systems without authorisation or carry out denial of service attacks.

Parking
This is provided at the front of the property off of Bucks Head Hill. Guests are advised that the parking is entirely at your own risk and we do not accept any liability or responsibility for guest vehicles or contents.

Concerns
If you have a complaint or discrepancy please speak to us during your stay so we can respond immediately to any problem or concern.
